Remove embedded ldap related content (#3264)
wso2/docs-is: en/docs/references/concepts/user-management/userstores.md

## Primary userstore (mandatory)

> This is the main userstore that is shared among all the [tenants]({{base_path}}/introduction-to-multitenancy/) in the system. Only one userstore should be configured as the primary userstore. By default, WSO2 Identity Server uses embedded H2 database as the primary userstore. It is recommended to change this default configuration in the production system. See [here]({{base_path}}/deploy/configure-the-primary-user-store/) for more information on configuring the primary userstore. The primary userstore can be changed to any of the following userstores based on user requirement. Alternatively, a custom userstore manager can be configured as well. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the main user store that is shared among all the [tenants]({{base_path}}/introduction-to-multitenancy/) in the system. Only one user store should be configured as the primary user store. By default, WSO2 Identity Server uses the embedded H2 database as the primary user store. It is recommended to change this default configuration in the production system. See [here]({{base_path}}/deploy/configure-the-primary-user-store/) for more information on configuring the primary user store. The primary user store can be changed to any of the following user stores based on user requirement. Alternatively, a custom user store manager can be configured as well. 
```
